Clarified that some steps are specific to the private preview of Private Access (#2443)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/neon-private-access.md

   Note the ID of the created endpoint and provide it to Neon. Neon will authorize this endpoint to access the Neon Private Access service and notify when the authorization is complete.

   <Admonition type="note">

>     This step is specific to the Private Prereview. In the final version configuration of the allowed endpoint will be done through the Neon console without any manual involvement by Neon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This step is specific to the Private Preview. In the final version, the allowed endpoint will be configured through the Neon console without any manual involvement by Neon.
```

   Enter **0.0.0.0** in the allowlist to block all connections over the public internet, and click **Save changes**.

      <Admonition type="note">
       The Private Access connection is not affected by this IP Allow configuration.
      </Admonition>

   ![Neon IP Allow configuration](/docs/guides/pl_neon_ip_allow.png)

      <Admonition type="note">

>        Using the IP allowlist feature for blocking access from the public internet is only for the Private Preview. In the final version there will be a dedicated way in the Neon console for doing that!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Using the IP Allow feature to block access from the public internet is only for the Private Preview. In the final version, there will be a dedicated option for this provided in the Neon Console.
```
